gh-86542: New C-APIs to simplify module attribute declaration (#23286)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/module.rst

   Initialize a new type and add it to *module*.
   The function is equivalent to :c:func:`PyType_FromModuleAndSpec` followed
   by :c:func:`PyModule_AddType`. *base* must be either ``NULL``, a single
   type object, or a tuple of types.
   Return ``NULL`` on error; otherwise a ``PyTypeObject *``, which can
   be assigned to a module state object.

   .. versionadded:: 3.10

.. c:function:: PyObject * PyModule_AddNewException(PyObject *module, const char *name, const char *doc, PyObject *base, PyObject *dict)

   Create a new exception and add it to *module*.
   The function is equivalent to :c:func:`PyErr_NewExceptionWithDoc` followed
   by :c:func:`PyModule_AddObjectRef`. The name of the exception object is
   taken from the last component of *name* after dot.
   Return ``NULL`` on error; otherwise ``PyObject *``, which can be assigned
   to a module state object.

   .. versionadded:: 3.10

.. c:function:: int PyModule_AddConstants(PyObject *module, PyModuleConst_Def *def)

   Initialize module constants from a PyModuleConst_Def array. The function
   provides a convenient way to declare module-level constants.
   Return ``-1`` on error, ``0`` on success.

   Example::

>       static PyObject*

Reviewer: nitpick: `static PyObject *` in here.

   Return ``-1`` on error, ``0`` on success.

   Example::

      static PyObject*
      example_call(PyObject *module)
      {
          return PyBytes_FromString("23");
      }

      #define EXAMPLE_INT 23
      #define EXAMPLE_STRING "world"

      static PyModuleConst_Def example_constants[] = {
          PyModuleConst_None("none_value"),
          PyModuleConst_Long("integer", 42),
          PyModuleConst_ULong("unsigned", 42UL),
          PyModuleConst_Bool("false_value", 0),
          PyModuleConst_Bool("true_value", 1),
      #ifdef Py_MATH_PI
          PyModuleConst_Double("pi", Py_MATH_PI),
      #endif
          PyModuleConst_String("somestring", "Hello"),
          PyModuleConst_Call("call", example_call),
          PyModuleConst_LongMacro(EXAMPLE_INT),
          PyModuleConst_StringMacro(EXAMPLE_STRING),
          {NULL},
      }

      static int
      example_init_constants(PyObject *module)
      {
          return PyModule_AddConstants(module, example_constants);
      }

      static PyModuleDef_Slot example_slots[] = {
          {Py_mod_exec, example_init_constants},
          {0, NULL}
      };

.. c:type:: PyModuleConst_Def

>    The values for *type* and the definition of the *value* union are
>    internal implementation details. Use any of the ``PyModuleConst_`` macros
>    to define entries. The array must be terminated by an entry with name
>    set to ``NULL``.
> 
>    .. c:member:: const char *name
> 
>       Attribute name.
> 
>    .. c:member:: int type
> 
>       Attribute type.
> 
>    .. c:member:: void *value
> 
>       Value of the module constant definition, whose meaning depends on
>       *type*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Definition of a module constant.

   The members of this struct are internal implementation details.
   To define entries, use only the ``PyModuleConst_`` macros below,
   and ``{NULL}`` to mark the end of the array.
```
